---
layout: post
title: Japan with CS peeps 
---

After taking a 10 day trip to Japan, I wanted to review the trip through my lens so y'all could experience Japan vicariously. Because I don't know a lot of Japanese, I will italics words spoken in Japanese. For example, *Ohayō* vs "Good Morning".

## Tokyo, Day 1 

\*Party in the USA tune\* "I hoped off the plane at HND... We're in Tokyo, guys!"

As we were waiting for Anjie and Sarah to arrive, Jacob, Chris and I explored the airport to see anything new. 

With the expectation that airports would have bad currency conversion rates, we were surprised that the rate was 108 Yen per 1 dollar when the market was at 111 Yen per dollar. Additionally, we found that 7-11 ATMs also carry a good rate too much to our surprise. 

As our stomaches growled, we looked for a restaurant in the airport to spend our newly acquired cash in hand. After we passed by restaurant after restaurant, we finally picked one of the first ones we saw and forced Chris to interact with the servers with his one semester knowledge of Japanese.

"*San-mei*" says Chris, proudly as he walks up to the waiters. 

"*Hai*" \*Points to an empty table and brings us some hot tea\*

After getting our menus, sweat beads began accumulating on Chris' forehead. Internally, in these past few minutes, he has been trying to recall all of the Japanese he has forgotten. 

"I'm not very hungry" we all say in unison. 

"Sweet, let's just order a big meal and put it on the Splitwise"

As the waiter comes over, Chris quickly formulates a phrase to order ONE dish.

"*Sumimasen, what will you eat?*" asks the waiter.

"*[Dish name] onegaishimas*" responds Chris.

"*Mm. Three okay?*"

"No no no, *ichi*" Chris quickly responds.

"Phew, that was close. We almost ordered 3 of these big dishes"

After finishing our meals, we met up with the two girls and embarked on a journey to our Airbnb. Instead of learning the rail system, we (5 people) decided to take a taxi to the airbnb. Everything was smooth sailing until we had to wait 30 minutes for a taxi that fit us to come.

"Excuse me, how much longer will the wait be?" Anjie asks the taxi director. 

"*About 30 minutes. You can go to the car area to get a taxi that fits you all*"

"Sure", and Jacob and Anjie went on their way to get a taxi. As they approach the taxis and their respective drivers, Anjie said "Five, Nakano." Instantly, dollar signs started rolling through this one driver's eyes. Excitedly, he jumped in his car and hurriedly waved them two into his taxi. As the taxi approached the rest of us, the taxi director sees them and turns to us saying "Your friends were successful" with a big smile on his face. Relieved that we finally have a ride to our Airbnb, we hoped on and gave the driver our english address.

Uh oh. In the following five minutes as our fare was slowly climbing, we were struggling to describe the exact location of our Airbnb to our driver. Finally, Sarah suggested giving the Kanji version, and once he saw the Kanji, he instantly revved the engine and turned straight onto the highway. The moment he got on the left side of the highway, I felt butterflies. - We are going to hit someone - 

"Oh, yeah. People in Japan drive on the left side"

And with that, I snapped back into reality. Before I knew it, we were in the neighborhood of our Airbnb. Of course, what would our trip be without any hiccups? We couldn't find the house. 

Through the help of random search and airbnb check-in instructions, we finally arrived at our humble abode. 

In those first 10 minutes upon arriving, we confirmed all of those stereotypical Japanese things we saw in animes - futons, futons on the ground, sliding paper walls, and short doorways. (wifi?)

While we were chilling at our house for the next few days, Raymond and Carolyn also found themselves in the same dilemma as us - lost in the neighborhood. Once united, we ventured out to explore the anime neighborhood and to find food. 

"How about this place?" Too expensive
"How about this?" We can't read anything
"Ok, this place has an english menu!" It's probably a tourist trap
"Let's just choose a place, I'm hungry" 

And that's how we arrived at 
